change log added for addition of optional fields and error code to se… (#190)
hmrc/income-tax-mtd-changelog: README.md

---

### 15 April 2024

The following changes are now available in the Sandbox:

#### self-employment-business-api

> - Added 2 new optional fields transitionProfitAmount, transitionProfitAccelerationAmount in annualAdjustmentsType object for Retrieve a Self-Employment Annual Submission and Create and Amend Self-Employment Annual Submission Endpoints.

Reviewer: Should probably indicate the version number affected as well as enclosing the endpoint names in back ticks e.g. something like:
```suggestion
- Added 2 new optional fields transitionProfitAmount, transitionProfitAccelerationAmount in annualAdjustmentsType object for the `v3.0` `Retrieve a Self-Employment Annual Submission` and `Create and Amend Self-Employment Annual Submission` endpoints.
```

> - Added new error code 400 (RULE_WRONG_TPA_AMOUNT_SUBMITTED) for Create and Amend Self-Employment Annual Submission Endpoint.

Reviewer: Similarly, plus the error code is usually the 'RULE_WRONG_TPA_AMOUNT_SUBMITTED' bit:
```suggestion
- Added new error code RULE_WRONG_TPA_AMOUNT_SUBMITTED for `v3.0` `Create and Amend Self-Employment Annual Submission Endpoint`.
```

### 16 April 2024

The following changes are now available in the Sandbox:

#### self-employment-business-api

> - Added 2 new optional fields transitionProfitAmount, transitionProfitAccelerationAmount in annualAdjustmentsType object for `v3.0` `Retrieve a Self-Employment Annual Submission and Create` and `Amend Self-Employment Annual Submission` endpoints.

Reviewer 2: Should be:
`Retrieve a Self-Employment Annual Submission` and `Create and `Amend Self-Employment Annual Submission`
